applications: machine_learning: Increase power down timeout (#7390)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added native TLS support to the HTTPS client.
  * Added the #XCMNG command to support the use of native TLS.

nRF Machine Learning (Edge Impulse)
-----------------------------------

> * Increased value of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_POWER_MANAGER_TIMEOUT` to 30 seconds on Thingy:53.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Increased the default value of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_POWER_MANAGER_TIMEOUT` to 30 seconds for Thingy:53.
```

Author: Change a bit to:
`Increased the value of :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CAF_POWER_MANAGER_TIMEOUT` to 30 seconds for Thingy:53.`
The Kconfig option value is set to 30 seconds in application configuration, we do not actually modify default value.
